Improve the performance of vanishing route line feature (#3201)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* If you need to customize the appearance of the user location indicator, you can subclass `UserPuckCourseView` and `UserHaloCourseView` as a starting point. ([#2968](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2968))
* Fixed an issue where route line disappears when changing `MapView` style. ([#3136](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3136))
* Added `NavigationOptions.navigationMapView` property to allow customization or reusing possibilities for `NavigationViewController.navigationMapView` ([#3186](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3186)).

> * Improved the performance for vanishing route line by reducing calculation for route line update. Replaced `NavigationMapView.updateRoute(_:)` with `NavigationMapView.updateVanishingRouteLine(coordinate:)` to update the vanishing route line, and keep the route line vanishing point synced with the user location. ([#3201](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3201)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed the `NavigationMapView.updateRoute(_:)` method to `NavigationMapView.updateVanishingRouteLine(coordinate:)`. Improved the performance of updating the route line to change color at the user’s location as they progress along the route. ([#3201](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3201))
```
